NEFFA 2020!


Greetings, NEFFA community!**


It is with a mix of delight and trepidation that we announce that plans are now underway for NEFFA 2020, our 76th year.


Delight because, NEFFA!


Trepidation because we do not yet know where the festival will take place.


(Mansfield is doing construction that precludes the festival this year, and we were looking for a new home anyways…)


HOWEVER! We are ready to commit to the dates, and to specify an approximate location. We are proceeding on the assumption that the festival will take place…


April 24-26, within a 1-hour drive of Boston.



If you are interested in performing/teaching/calling but not sure you’ll be able to make it, apply anyways! Given the unknown details, we understand that performers may have to back out. We will be especially understanding about cancellations this year.

DEADLINES:

Deadline for general performer applications: Thursday October 3rd, 2019 (11:59pm)

Deadline for regular dance performance: December 1st, 2019.

Deadline for ritual/Morris dance: January 15th, 2020.

These are strict deadlines. If you can possibly avoid it, do not wait for the deadline -- it makes our lives easier if you apply early.


APPLICATION:

The website for submitting applications is now available at https://apply.neffa.org/.


There have only been minor tweaks since last year. Please email this address to let us know if you are having any trouble with the application!


We are looking forward to seeing many old faces and classic NEFFA sessions return this year, but we are especially excited to see new faces and hear your ideas for new sessions! If you have friends who might be a good fit for NEFFA, please pass this email along!


We are particularly eager for applications involving:

Folk traditions from diverse areas of the world, especially Latin America

Mentoring for those who wish to improve on their skills

Structured jams -- both instrumental and singing; especially slow jams

Family oriented participatory events (dancing, singing, story telling)

Contra and Square callers, please see the note below*

                       

On behalf of the Program Committee and the NEFFA Board, we extend our heartfelt thanks for your support for this wonderful folk tradition. Let the application process begin!


Optimistically,

Jon Cannon, NEFFA Program Chair


* NOTE TO CONTRA AND SQUARE CALLERS

A reminder that we like to feature more focused workshops on squares, chestnuts (including triplets and triple minors) and good dance style.


We also appreciate anyone who can offer an introductory session.


Please remember that the majority of our dance hours are for mixed levels; rarely do we schedule an advanced contra session outside of the medleys.


** This will be the only email sent to the entire NEFFA email list this year. If you would like your email address to be removed from the database, send me an email with “REMOVE” in the subject line. 